c:\users\adrian.hofman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\TraderTrainer.WebUI.dll.config
c:\users\adrian.hofman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\TraderTrainer.WebUI.dll
c:\users\adrian.hofman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\TraderTrainer.WebUI.pdb
c:\users\adrian.hofman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\adrian.hofman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\adrian.hofman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.dll
c:\users\adrian.hofman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.dll
c:\users\adrian.hofman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.dll
c:\users\adrian.hofman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.dll
c:\users\adrian.hofman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Razor.xml
c:\users\adrian.hofman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.xml
c:\users\adrian.hofman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Deployment.xml
c:\users\adrian.hofman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Webpages.Razor.xml
c:\users\adrian.hofman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\adrian.hofman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\adrian.hofman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\obj\Debug\TraderTrainer.WebUI.dll
c:\users\adrian.hofman\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\obj\Debug\TraderTrainer.WebUI.pdb
c:\Users\Adrian.Hofman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.dll
c:\Users\Adrian.Hofman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\Microsoft.Web.Infrastructure.dll
c:\Users\Adrian.Hofman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.dll
c:\Users\Adrian.Hofman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.dll
c:\Users\Adrian.Hofman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\WebActivatorEx.dll
c:\Users\Adrian.Hofman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\WebGrease.dll
c:\Users\Adrian.Hofman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\Antlr3.Runtime.pdb
c:\Users\Adrian.Hofman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\Newtonsoft.Json.xml
c:\Users\Adrian.Hofman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\System.Web.Optimization.xml
c:\Users\Adrian.Hofman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\FileHelpers.dll
c:\Users\Adrian.Hofman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\FileHelpers.ExcelStorage.dll
c:\Users\Adrian.Hofman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\FileHelpers.xml
c:\Users\Adrian.Hofman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\bin\FileHelpers.ExcelStorage.xml
c:\Users\Adrian.Hofman\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\TraderTrainer\TraderTrainer.WebUI\obj\Debug\TraderTrainer.WebUI.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
